CAPSTONE ONE: WORKOUT PLAN CREATOR

Create an application which will utilize two API, one which will utilize authentication API such as “Google Firebase”, and a workout API that will house multiple different workout routines/exercises with the stored keys of “name”, “difficulty”, and “target/muscle group”. The workout API will communicate with a database of gif images that will populate for each added exercise demonstrating the proper technique. The user will be able to create an account utilizing the authentication API, and once an account is created the user will be able create a personalized workout routine. 

ON LOAD:
    On load of the application, the user will see a log-in form which will handle the login for a previously created account. They will also see a “New User” button which will allow the customer to create an account.
    If the user already has an account they will be able to enter in their credentials, or will be able to utilize the authentication API to handle their login.

ON “NEW USER” CLICK:
    The user will be greeted with a form allowing them to create an account by entering their email, creating a username, and password. 
    The user will also be able to create an account by way of the authentication API.

ON “LOG-IN” CLICK:
    Once the user is logged in they will see “Account”, and “Log Out”  displayed at the top of the app. 
    The user will also see a list of created workout plans, and/or a button at the top, allowing them to create a new workout plan.
    If the user only has one workout plan created, that designated plan will be displayed rather than a list of all plans.

ON “WORKOUT PLAN” CLICK:
    When selecting a previously created workout, the user will see a list of the exercises added to that plan, the details of the exercise (“name”, “difficulty”, and “target muscle group”)  and a gif demonstrating the proper technique for each exercise.

ON “CREATE NEW WORKOUT” CLICK:
    The user will see a search bar at the top that will actively auto-suggest exercises as the user types in letters, an input that will allow the user to set a name for their new workout plan, an “Add” button that will allow the user to add the exercise to their new workout plan, and a “Save” button when the user is done adding exercise routines.

ON “ACCOUNT” CLICK:
    The user will see account details, and a button that will allow them to edit their account details. 
    Edit account details will render a form showing current details as the values, and will allow the user to update the values. 

ON “LOG-OUT” CLICK:
    The user will be logged out and the page will redirect to the root page where the login credentials will again be requested. 

** POTENTIAL IMPLEMENTATION: **
    Allow the user to be the admin or host of a “group”, if they are a personal trainer for example. When hosting a group, the user will be able to sort through all their clients and their workout plans.
    Allow the user to track their workouts, by adding notes of successes or struggles they may have had during their workout. 
    Allow the user to post updates or share progress pictures that other users and coach can interact with (e.g. like, dislike, comment)
